README - Scripts-n-Config - Bash Scripts and Useful Config Files

A collection of bash scripts and config files I've written over the years.

    Note: Gentoo is my primary distro, so some of these might not make
        sense on other Linux flavours (especially window-manager-heavy 
	distros... probably completely useless on Ubuntu).

xinitrc - I've only used blackbox/fluxbox for the last several years. 
    I save a few steps in xinit by only allowing fluxbox to run. Fewer things
    to fail, and it starts (marginally) faster. What? No failover? If 
    fluxbox doesn't start then your X install is probably hosed anyway.
  Requires: xorg-X11, fluxbox

video-dualhead.sh - Start and stops an old dual-head monitor setup. Old, old 
    script here. xorg-X11 has fixed the issue this script existed for.  
    This script has not been used or tested since 2009, and my hardware
    has changed considerably since, so it may not even work.  The primary
    use of this script was to enable and disable HDMI/DVI out to my TV 
    for watching video.
  Requires: xrandr

fluxbox-menu - The menu file from ~/.fluxbox folder.
fluxbox-keys - Key sequence file from ~/.fluxbox folder.
fluxbox-startup - Startup file from ~/.fluxbox folder. Used by startfluxbox.
  Requires: fluxbox, syndaemon

.bashrc
    My default .bashrc, based on the Gentoo default.

inittab
    I don't like having 6 terminals active. Plus I like to display the 
    battery status on a terminal for easy access. (I need to update this
    to not use the legacy ACPI paths.)

tty_sysmon.sh
    A simple script used by inittab to display battery status.

cm_mount.sh
cm_umount.sh
    Mount and unmount scripts for my fileshares. These only exist so I can
    mount/unmount the shares from the fluxbox menu.

codeheader
    The header include for my personal coding projects.

import.sh
    Build a filename using the date and time and pass it to import.  This 
    script checks to see if my fileshare is mounted. If yes, screenshots
    are saved to the fileshare. If not, they get dumped into the home
    directory.
  Requires: import (part of media-gfx/imagemagick)


Release Notes:

2012/04/15 - Andy Cummings <cydonian.monk@gmail.com>

 Added a script to save screenshots from import to my regular locations.
 Added said script into fluxbox menu.

2012/04/12 - Andy Cummings <cydonian.monk@gmail.com>

 I recently rebuilt the Gentoo system on my AMD netbook, and decided I needed
 more backup options for my bash scripts and config files. Thus this update. 
 Also included are a few new files. New to you, since this is a new github
 repo....

2011/07/10 - Andy Cummings <cydonian.monk@gmail.com>

 These scripts are distributed with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY, and are not 
 distributed under any license.  Most of these are so simple and obvious that 
 copyright probably couldn't even be claimed.  If you really want to pick a 
 copyright fight about one or all of these scripts, you can have them.
 
 These scripts are distributed in the hope they will be helpful.  If they
 prove to be less than helpful, or cause a synthetic uprising, you and
 you alone are to blame.  If you use one of these scripts and manage to 
 blow up your system, don't come crying to me.  Do not taunt these scripts.

 I'll add more to this as I dig through my archives.  Many of the advances 
 in the Linux desktop in recent years have obsoleted many of my scripts.
 Likewise with the config files.  Obviously specific hardware makes many of
 them useless to you.

 AWC
